libero_spatial:2 | pick up the black bowl from table center and place it on the plate
   1. Pick up the black bowl in the center and put it on the plate.
   2. Move the bowl from the middle of the table onto the plate.
   3. Grab the dark bowl in the center and set it on the plate.
   4. Place the center black bowl on the red and white plate.
   5. Put the middle bowl onto the plate.
   6. Take the black bowl located in the center and place it onto the plate.
   7. Set the black bowl from the middle of the table on the plate.
   8. Move the dark bowl in the center to the plate on the right.
   9. Put the black bowl from the center onto the plate.
  10. Transfer the center bowl to the plate.

libero_goal:6 | put the cream cheese in the bowl
   1. Place the cream cheese into the bowl
   2. Put the small blue box inside the metal bowl
   3. Move the cream cheese to the bowl
   4. Pick up the cream cheese and put it in the bowl
   5. Set the cream cheese in the silver bowl
   6. put the cream cheese inside the bowl
   7. Grab the cream cheese and place it in the bowl
   8. Transfer the cream cheese to the bowl
   9. put the blue box in the bowl
  10. Drop the cream cheese into the bowl

libero_goal:1 | put the bowl on the stove
   1. Place the bowl on the stove
   2. Put the metal bowl onto the burner
   3. Take the bowl and set it on the hot plate
   4. Move the grey bowl to the stovetop
   5. put the bowl on the burner
   6. Set the bowl down on the stove
   7. Pick up the metal bowl and place it on the electric burner
   8. Put the bowl onto the hot plate
   9. Transfer the bowl to the stove top
  10. Place the grey bowl on top of the stove

libero_spatial:7 | pick up the black bowl on the stove and place it on the plate
   1. Move the bowl from the stove to the plate
   2. Put the black bowl that's on the stove onto the plate
   3. Take the bowl off the hotplate and place it on the dish
   4. Grab the black bowl on the burner and set it on the plate
   5. Transfer the bowl on the stove over to the red-rimmed plate
   6. Place the bowl currently on the stove onto the plate
   7. Pick up the bowl resting on the stove and put it on the plate
   8. Put the dark bowl from the stove onto the plate
   9. Move the black bowl sitting on the stove to the dish
  10. Take the bowl on the small stove and set it on the plate

libero_spatial:6 | pick up the black bowl next to the cookie box and place it on the plate
   1. Put the black bowl that's next to the cookie box onto the plate
   2. Take the bowl sitting by the cookies and move it to the plate
   3. Set the dark bowl near the box onto the red and white plate
   4. Grab the black bowl beside the cookie box and place it on the plate
   5. Move the dark bowl next to the little box over to the plate
   6. Put the bowl by the cookie box on the plate
   7. Place the black bowl beside the cookies onto the plate
   8. Pick up the dark bowl next to the red box and set it on the empty plate
   9. Grab the bowl right next to the cookie box and put it down on the plate
  10. Move the black bowl by the box of cookies onto the plate with red rings

libero_spatial:3 | pick up the black bowl on the cookie box and place it on the plate
   1. Put the bowl that is on the cookie box onto the plate
   2. Move the black bowl off the small box and onto the plate
   3. Grab the bowl sitting on the cookie box and set it on the plate
   4. Place the black bowl from the cookie box onto the plate with the red rim
   5. Take the bowl on top of the cookie box and move it to the plate
   6. put the bowl from the box onto the plate
   7. Pick up the dark bowl on the little box and put it on the plate
   8. Transfer the black bowl on the cookie box to the plate
   9. Set the bowl from the cookie box onto the round plate
  10. pick up the bowl resting on the cookie box and place it on the plate

libero_object:1 | pick up the cream cheese and place it in the basket
   1. put the cream cheese in the basket
   2. Place the cream cheese into the woven basket.
   3. Pick up the small blue box and put it in the basket.
   4. Move the cream cheese to the basket.
   5. drop the cream cheese into the basket
   6. Put the little blue box in the basket with the white lining.
   7. Take the cream cheese and place it inside the basket.
   8. Put the cream cheese package into the basket.
   9. grab the cream cheese and put it in the basket
  10. Place the small blue package into the woven basket.

libero_object:6 | pick up the butter and place it in the basket
   1. Put the butter in the basket.
   2. Move the butter to the basket.
   3. Pick up the stick of butter and drop it into the woven basket.
   4. Place the butter inside the basket.
   5. put the butter in the lined basket
   6. Take the butter and put it into the basket.
   7. Grab the butter and set it in the basket.
   8. Drop the butter into the basket.
   9. Transfer the butter into the basket.
  10. Pick the butter up and put it in the wicker basket.

libero_goal:0 | open the middle drawer of the cabinet
   1. Open the middle drawer of the black cabinet
   2. Pull open the center drawer on the dark cabinet
   3. Slide out the middle drawer of the cabinet
   4. open up the middle drawer
   5. Pull the middle drawer open
   6. Open the center drawer of the cabinet on the left
   7. Grasp the handle of the middle drawer on the black cabinet and pull it open
   8. Go ahead and open the middle drawer of that black cabinet
   9. Open the drawer in the middle of the cabinet
  10. pull out the second drawer down on the dark cabinet

libero_10:4 | put the white mug on the left plate and put the yellow and white mug on the right plate
   1. Put the white mug on the left plate and place the yellow and white mug on the right plate.
   2. Move the textured white cup to the left plate, and put the yellow and white one on the right plate.
   3. Set the solid white mug onto the left dish and the yellow and white mug onto the right dish.
   4. Place the white mug on the plate to the left and the yellow and white mug on the plate to the right.
   5. Take the white mug and put it on the left saucer, then place the yellow and white mug on the right saucer.
   6. Put the white mug on the left plate, and move the yellow and white mug to the right plate.
   7. Transfer the white mug to the left plate and the yellow and white mug to the right plate.
   8. Grab the white mug and put it down on the left plate, then pick up the yellow and white mug and set it on the right plate.
   9. Put the white mug onto the left plate and put the two-toned mug onto the right plate.
  10. Position the white cup on the left plate and the yellow and white cup on the right plate.

libero_90:60 | pick up the black bowl on the left and put it in the tray
   1. Put the left bowl into the wooden tray
   2. Place the black bowl on the left into the tray
   3. Grab the bowl on the left and set it in the tray
   4. Move the left black bowl over to the wooden tray
   5. Take the bowl on the left side and put it in the tray
   6. Pick up the left bowl and place it inside the tray
   7. Put the dark bowl from the left into the tray
   8. Transfer the left bowl to the wooden tray
   9. Set the black bowl on the left inside the tray
  10. Move the bowl on the left into the empty wooden tray

libero_90:70 | put the chocolate pudding to the right of the plate
   1. Place the chocolate pudding to the right of the striped plate
   2. Move the small brown box to the right side of the plate
   3. Set the chocolate on the right of the small dish with red stripes
   4. Take the pudding and put it down to the right of the plate
   5. Pick up the chocolate pudding and place it to the right of the saucer
   6. Position the small brown object on the right side of the plate
   7. Put the pudding on the right of the striped plate
   8. Move that small rectangular brown object to the right of the dish
   9. Set the chocolate dessert down on the table to the right of the plate
  10. Put the chocolate pudding just to the right of the little plate

libero_90:46 | pick up the alphabet soup and put it in the basket
   1. Put the alphabet soup in the basket
   2. Place the can of alphabet soup into the basket
   3. Pick up the alphabet soup and drop it in the basket
   4. Move the alphabet soup to the wicker basket
   5. Grab the alphabet soup and put it inside the basket
   6. Take the can of alphabet soup and set it in the basket
   7. Put the alphabet soup into the white-lined basket
   8. Lift the alphabet soup and place it in the basket
   9. Transfer the alphabet soup to the basket
  10. Drop the alphabet soup into the basket

libero_90:68 | put the yellow and white mug on the right plate
   1. Place the yellow and white mug onto the right plate.
   2. Put the yellow mug on the plate to the right.
   3. Set the yellow and white cup on the right saucer.
   4. Move the yellow mug onto the plate on the right side.
   5. Take the yellow and white mug and put it on the right plate.
   6. put the yellow cup on the right plate
   7. Pick up the yellow and white mug and set it down on the rightmost plate.
   8. Place the yellow mug onto the right saucer.
   9. Move the yellow and white cup to the plate on the right.
  10. Put the cup that is yellow and white on the plate on the right.

libero_90:54 | pick up the tomato sauce and put it in the basket
   1. Put the tomato sauce into the basket
   2. Pick up the tomato sauce and place it in the basket
   3. Move the tomato sauce into the white basket
   4. Grab the tomato sauce and put it inside the basket
   5. Place the bottle of tomato sauce in the basket
   6. Drop the tomato sauce into the basket on the right
   7. Transfer the tomato sauce to the woven basket
   8. Take the tomato sauce and put it in the basket
   9. Put the sauce in the basket
  10. Set the tomato sauce down inside the basket

libero_90:7 | open the top drawer of the cabinet
   1. open the top drawer of the black cabinet
   2. pull open the highest drawer of the cabinet on the left
   3. open the top drawer of the dark cabinet
   4. pull out the top drawer of the small black cabinet
   5. open the highest drawer on the black cabinet to your left
   6. open the uppermost drawer on the left
   7. slide the top drawer of the black cabinet open
   8. open the first drawer from the top on the black cabinet
   9. pull the top drawer of the black cabinet open
  10. grab the top handle on the black cabinet and pull it open

libero_90:59 | pick up the tomato sauce and put it in the tray
   1. Put the tomato sauce in the tray
   2. Place the bottle of tomato sauce into the wooden crate
   3. Grab the tall orange bottle and set it in the tray
   4. Move the tomato sauce over to the tray on the right
   5. Take the tomato sauce and place it in the wooden tray
   6. Pick up the sauce bottle and put it in the crate
   7. Transfer the tomato sauce to the tray
   8. Put the bottle of tomato sauce in the wooden crate
   9. Drop the tomato sauce into the tray
  10. Put the tall sauce bottle in the wooden tray

libero_90:56 | pick up the butter and put it in the tray
   1. Put the butter in the wooden tray
   2. Place the butter into the crate
   3. Move the butter to the wooden box
   4. Take the butter and place it in the tray on the right
   5. Drop the butter into the crate
   6. Set the butter inside the tray
   7. Transfer the butter to the wooden crate
   8. Put the butter into the tray
   9. Place the butter in the wooden crate
  10. Grab the butter and drop it into the tray

libero_90:43 | put the white bowl on top of the cabinet
   1. Put the white bowl on the cabinet
   2. Place the small white bowl on top of the dark brown cabinet
   3. Move the white bowl onto the wooden structure on the left
   4. Set the little white dish on top of the dark cabinet
   5. Take the white bowl and place it on the brown box
   6. Put the white bowl on the dark cabinet
   7. Place the small bowl on top of the brown unit
   8. Move the white bowl to the top of the dark stand
   9. Set the white bowl on the top of the cabinet
  10. Put the little white bowl onto the dark brown structure

libero_90:35 | open the microwave
   1. Pull open the microwave door
   2. Open the black microwave on the left
   3. Please open the door of the microwave
   4. Open up the black appliance
   5. Pull the handle to open the microwave
   6. Open the door to the black microwave
   7. Pull the microwave open
   8. Open the black microwave
   9. Open the microwave for me
  10. Swing the door of the microwave open.
